{"text": " This watch I got here was first purchased by your great-grandfather during the First World War. It was bought in an old general store in Knoxville, Tennessee. Made by the first company to have make wrist watches. Up till then people just carried pocket watches. It was bought by a private door boy, Orion Coolidge, on the day he set sail for Paris. This was your great-grandfather's war watch, and he wore it every day he was in that war. And when he'd done his duty, went home to your great-grandmother, took the watch off, put an old coffee can in that can it stayed, till your granddad, Dane Coolidge, was called upon by his country to go overseas and fight the Germans once again. It's time to call it World War II. The great grandfather gave this watch to Granddad for good luck. Unfortunately, Day's luck wasn't as good as his old man's. Day was a marine and he was killed, along with all the other marines at the Battle of Wake Island. Granddad was facing death. He knew it. Not those boys had any illusions, but they believed in that island alive. So three days before the Japanese took the island, took the island, your granddad, asked a gunner on an Air Force transport named a Warnocky. Manning them met before in his life. To deliver to his infant son, we'd never seen the flesh. His gold watch. Three days later, your granddad was dead, but Warnocky kept his word. After the war was over, he paid a visit to your grandmother, delivering to your infant father, his dad's gold watch. This watch... This watch was on your daddy's wrist when he was shot down, or that hand away. It was captured, put in a Vietnamese prison camp. He knew that if the gooks have a son of the watch, they'd confiscate it, take it away. The way your dad looked at it, this watch was your birthright. He'd be damned if any slope's gonna put the greasy LA hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it. In one place he knew he could hide something, his ass. Five long years he wore this watch, up his ass. Then he died of dysentery. He'd give me the watch. I hid this uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass. Two years. Then after seven years, I was sent home to my family. Now. Little man, I gave the watch to you."}